# Node Project Skeleton

This project contains the skeleton I usually have in my Node projects.

## Initial dependencies

- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
- [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm)
- [docker](https://www.docker.com)
- [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

## Setting up

If you want to run the project using the standalone or the server-ssl mode, you will need to have your SSL certificate and its private key inside infra/common/ssl. You can generate a self-singned one by following the tutorial inside the infra/common/ssl/test directory.

You also need to generate a dhparam.pem file, which can be generated by running the gen_dhparam.sh script inside infra/common/ssl. This will take a while to run.

Inside api/process.yml you can configure how many instances pm2 will start

Then you can install the packages inside the api directory:

```bash
$ yarn install
```

Generate the necessary files before starting the server:

```bash
$ ./node_modules/.bin/gulp
```

## Running

If you choose to run the infra from server-ssl, you will have to start the database containers as well, as server-ssl is not standalone.

If you choose to run the infra inside the standalone directory, then it contains also the container for the database and cache.

The way you can run any of these infrastructures is by pointing docker-compose to the chosen yml file inside the infra directory:

```bash
$ docker-compose -f <your file here> up
```

Then you can use a service file like the one inside infra/standalone/host for configuring the infra to start on boot, in case the server restarts.

Just change the path inside of it so it points to the right directory, then copy it to /etc/systemd/system, reload and enable the daemon:

```bash
$ sudo systemctl daemon-reload
$ sudo systemctl enable docker-infra
```

## Developing

If you want to run the project for development, the standalone infra is the best way to do it, with the docker-dev.yml file, as it is configured to reload pm2 on every code change:

```bash
$ cd infra/standalone
$ docker-compose -f docker-dev.yml up
```

Ps: Generate the SSL certificate before doing that.
